Welcome to The View Masterclass.
My name is Boris Pass Cavour, and I'm a software engineer, consultant, educator and author based
in New York City.
In this course, I'll introduce you to the popular Vue.js Library.
For building dynamic and reactive front end interfaces.
The entire course consists of one complete project that we're going to be building out together from
scratch.
Along the way, we're going to see how view helps us solve all kinds of real world problems.
In this course, we're covering not just theory, but application.
So first up, what is Vue.js?
Vue.js is a JavaScript framework for building reactive front end interfaces.
It's pronounced Vue like Mountain View or Ocean View.
Of course, the view that its name alludes to refers to your browsers web page.
What you see when you visit a web page in your browser, such as the one that you're watching this video
on right now.
And what does the word reactive mean?
It means that Vue enables our web page to react to change.
And change comes in many forms.
It may come from user events like button clicks or typing values into an input field.
It may come from data that we get from some API that we need to render to the screen when it arrives.
It may even come automatically.
For example, we may want a message on the screen to change color every 5 seconds.
These are all examples of change that happen after a web page.
Initially loads.
Vue makes it easy for our web page to seamlessly re render itself when these changes happen without
forcing a page refresh.
And in the very next lesson, we'll show you the project that we're going to be building during this
course, and it's going to highlight some of these changes in greater detail.
Now, as far as the history of you view was initially created by software developer Evan, you and it's
since become an open source project with a global team of volunteer contributors and its popularity
continues to grow year over year.
Here are two statistics I can provide you with.
Number one view is now used by more than 1.3 million active monthly users worldwide.
And number two, from 2019 to 2020, downloads of UGC on NPM, which is the global JavaScript repository
that stores all JavaScript packages from 2019 to 2020.
Downloads of you doubled.
So the popularity of the framework has doubled in size over one year, and it continues to grow at an
exponential rate.
Okay.
So here's a little bit of fun history.
You might be curious, why is the library called View Jazz?
Well, as it turns out, the creator, Evan, you originally wanted to call the Library View Jazz v
i e w but unfortunately that name was already taken on NPM.
So Evan plugged the word view into Google Translate, and the word view in French is view v u e.
He liked the sound of that name, and that package name was not taken on NPM.
So that's where the name comes from.
It's basically a translation of the literal word view.
All right.
Next step, let's talk a little bit about the history of you.
We're going to talk more about the differences of this library slash framework in a lesson or two.
But here's just a quick history to give you a sense of how this framework has matured over the last
half decade.
The first version of U.
1.0 was first published in October 2015, and the latest version, 3.0 was released in late 2020.
And as I mentioned earlier, NPM downloads doubled that year over a year from 2019 to 2020.
So it continues to grow with the release of the latest and greatest version 3.0, which we're going
to be using in this course.
All right.
Speaking of this course, what are the course prerequisites?
What are the skills and technologies that you need to know in order to be successful in this course?
Well, you'll need a basic knowledge of HTML and access to startup, and you do not need to be a frontend
master.
You do not need to be an expert in either of these two technologies.
You just need to know the basics.
You need to understand how HTML elements work, how he needs them, and how they form the structure
of a web page.
You also need to know the basics of success, how we use it to style our elements, how we can use things
like selectors, how we can target HTML elements by IDs or classes as well as your basic CSS styles.
Right now, you don't need to be an expert and I'll be the first one to tell you that CC is not my strong
suit.
We're going to do our best to make the work that we create in this course look pretty and presentable.
But I'm not obsessed with CSS and we're not going to be focused on, you know, using the most advanced
modern day features of CC.
So that should hopefully be good news to tell you that you do not need to be an expert in this either.
You just need to know the basics.
And the same rules apply to a knowledge of JavaScript, specifically ESX, which is the sort of modern
version of JavaScript released in 2015.
Now if you're a little bit rusty on JavaScript, don't worry.
Throughout the course.
I have some helper videos to help remind you of the critical JavaScript concepts that you need to know
to understand what we're going to be covering in the videos.
But with that said, those videos are reminded, are intended as refreshers, as reminders.
So if you are completely unfamiliar with JavaScript, I strongly recommend that you take a JavaScript
class first before you dive into learning Vue or any other front end library for that matter.
And finally, you'll need experience with your operating system and its terminal, and that will be
the terminal on the MAC, the command prompt or the PowerShell on the Windows or the equivalent command
line interface on your Linux machine, whatever it is that you're using.
All right.
And finally, to close this lesson off, I want to talk a little bit about the features of this course,
what makes this course special for me and why I think it's going to be an enjoyable experience for you.
So first up, we are going to be completing a single project that covers many features of you, both
the new and old, one of my greatest frustrations with online education and even a piece of critical
feedback that I can give myself upon reflecting on some of my previous courses is that a lot of them
feel sort of not capturing what it is like to actually work with the technology in the real world.
And the only real way that you'll learn how to work with view is to build things with it, build features
with it.
So the entire course from start to finish is going to be one project and we're going to be producing
real world user features.
We're going to treat this just like we're a developer on the job.
We're going to have user stories.
They're going to describe the user value that we're trying to add to the app.
We're going to see how we can solve these problems with view and how view helps us.
All right.
In addition to the Core View framework, we're also going to offer extensive coverage of the entire
view ecosystem.
So View actually has a bunch of supplementary tools that come available with it.
You do not have to use these tools, but they're often used in tandem with view and they're built by
the same development team.
Right.
And those tools include things like view router for navigating from page to page in your app as well
as View Ex, which is for managing global state in your app.
Now, if you're completely unfamiliar with these concepts, if this is your first time learning any
front end library, don't worry.
We're going to talk about the benefits of these tools in later lessons, and we're going to introduce
all of these concepts step by step.
But just know you're not just getting an introduction to view, you're also getting an introduction
to the larger ecosystem of tools that work with it.
One other thing that makes this course really special is we have an extensive focus on testing.
All right.
This is a distinct difference, and I would estimate that probably at least 40% of the videos in this
course are going to be us writing tests for the view code that we write.
We're going to be writing tests both before we write our actual view code and after.
And we're going to talk to benefits.
We're going to talk about the benefits of both of those approaches as we proceed.
Testing is incredibly important, not just in the front end, but universally when you're writing code.
It gives you a sense of security that your code does what it does.
It allows you to quickly perform this kind of gut check that everything is working out as expected,
that you haven't broken anything.
It gives you comfort when you refactor, etc..
Right.
I'm going to sell you more on the benefits of testing a little bit later in the course.
But this is something that really is uncovered by a lot of courses.
And this course will.
We're going to obsess over testing and making sure that we have a great test suite.
All right.
And finally, the fourth benefit is some of my favorite courses that I've ever taken.
I started out intending to learn a single technology, but the course was able to introduce me to an
entire ecosystem of tools.
And in regards to this, the ecosystem that I talk about is not just the view ecosystem of tools, but
also the modern front end web development landscape, what our front end developers using today.
So one of my favorite features of this course is we're going to be learning additional tools, additional
technologies, additional packages like Tailwind CC, which is a popular library for styling CC and
TypeScript, which is a superset of JavaScript that allows us to effectively write JavaScript, but
with declaring the types that we use throughout the program.
Now, if you're completely unfamiliar with Tailwind or TypeScript, that's totally fine.
We talked about the prerequisites in the previous lesson.
These are the technologies in this slide that you do not need to know, but that we're going to be covering.
And I hope it gives you a more comprehensive, more fun experience because we're not just going to be
focused on view, we're going to be focused on a lot of other things and how they work well together.
With Vue, that's really all there is to cover in this lesson.
In the very next lesson, we're going to take a look at the app we're going to be building.
I hope you're excited and I will see you there.